We got General Manger Kwak to stamp his fingerprint on his statement.
This is an investigation report of the crime scene.
(Episode 38)
Good job.
Are you really going to aim for Lee Kwang Ho?
Of course. He instigated murder.
Let's request an arrest warrant.
What's the use? They never give it to us anyway.
Then we'll just have to arrest him without a warrant.
Really?
Can we do that? He's our former president.
What else can we do when they won't give us a warrant?
He clearly committed a crime.
The evidence and witness for what he did 10 years ago are all vague.
But this time, he's definitely responsible for this.
We have a valid statement, and the victim is hospitalized.
You're right.
But we still need to do everything we can in order to claim that...
we followed all the necessary procedures.
So let's wait another day for the arrest warrant.
Prosecutor Kim, I'm Inspector Park.
Good job.
I want you to hand me the case.
And I'll request an arrest warrant...
for Lee Kwang Ho, so please give it some time.
Okay.
It was Inspector Park.
He told me that he got General Manager Kwak's statement...
and asked me to request an arrest warrant.
So...
do you think you'll be able to arrest him?
At this rate, things might end up just going in circles.
People mistakenly think that prosecutors are the ones...
who protect the people who are rich and powerful.
But in reality, judges are actually the ones who do that.
Regardless of how hard we try to...
get an arrest warrant...
and send someone to prison,
all that can go to waste if the judge decides to overrule that.
But prosecutors are always the ones to take the blame.
So I'm asking you.
Do you think you'll be able to arrest Lee Kwang Ho?
That depends on Chairwoman Gook.
If she lays down the bricks for us,
the court will have no choice but to issue a warrant.
But if she changes her mind and goes back on her word tomorrow...
That's not going to happen.
So I'll see you tomorrow.
I'm so looking forward to this.
I can't believe we're finally having a press conference.
You worked with Lee Kwang Ho for 20 years,
and you were the chief director of the NIS.
So every word you spit out will have such a great impact.
Plus, people will start talking about...
all his other crimes that are either statute-barred or lack evidence.
There will be too much information for the reporters to write down.
You're going to become a celebrity after this.
You're the one who'll become the celebrity.
I'll end up in handcuffs right after the press conference.
I won't cuff your hands too tightly.
I'll keep anyone from seeing.
The press conference is at 10am tomorrow morning.
So you should be here by 9am.
You should make sure Lee Kwang Ho doesn't find out about this.
Of course. I got it.
You'll finally be able to sleep at ease.
Help me find my necklace before you go.
I lost it when I fell down earlier.
It's a gift I got from my dad.
What are you doing?
Hey.
I was just about to go inside.
I came out because I heard your voice. I'm going to go now.
No, wait.
Let's go together a little later.
Kang told me that he's still awake and waiting for me.
You can take your time.
I'll stay here for the night.
You both can go home.
Really?
- Then please do us a favor. - Okay.
Bye.
Chul Gi.
I'm going to catch Lee Kwang Ho.
I hope...
you wake up to witness that.
Thank you for letting me stay.
Yes?
Hello.
What? You're home.
Jin Young isn't picking up her phone.
Her phone is still on, but she's not answering.
Even when she stays at the office overnight,
she always calls me in the morning, but she hasn't.
By the way,
didn't you come home with her yesterday?
No. I came home by myself.
But...
how long has she been out of reach?
Wait a second.
I can't remember what time I called her last night.
Are you sure you didn't come home with her?
No. I'll quickly look into what happened.
My gosh.
Why do you guys have so much work?
She wakes up on time regardless of how tired she may be.
I wonder if she's exhausted.
I really don't like this.
Please look into what's going on.
Okay. Don't worry.
Hey, Jin Young. Where are you?
Where do you think she is?
Don't get too worked up. We're treating her well.
But that's only going to last for another hour.
I don't know what's going to happen to her after that.
Call me as soon as you have Gook Su Ran's evidence.
If she holds a press conference,
I'm sure you know that you'll never get to see Lieutenant Jin again.
Have everything ready for me within an hour.
Okay?
Hello?
We'll start off with the bribe from NIS,
then end with Odong Blowfish House.
That way, they might overlook...
at your charges.
I knew you would come.
It's better to see it in person, than to see it on the news.
Chairwoman Gook.
Keep your calm until the end.
I'll come back to get you soon.
We're almost there.
Don't run away. I mean it.
Can you look after her?
Kim Jong Sam.
Yes, I'm on my way.
Yes.
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
I'll take the bullet,
so you can step back.
Where is Jin Jin Young?
An Tae Jung.
How can you abduct an officer because Lee Kwang Ho ordered you to?
How can you call yourself a prosecutor and a lawyer?
You're less than a human.
Hey, calm down.
I'm only loyal to myself.
I abducted her because it would benefit me.
Shut your mouth.
Where is Jin Jin Young?
You have to give it to me first before I tell you.
Tell him the location...
once I leave.
(Public Prosecutors' Office)
The number you're calling is currently not available.
Gook Su Ran, Kim Jong Sam.
It's my fault for trusting you.
Jin Young!
Jin Young.
Jin Young! Jin Young.
Where should I take you?
- Anywhere. - Okay.
Why did you cancel the press conference?
Because I don't think I have to be involved.
There is someone else who will break Lee Kwang Ho...
better than me.
I see.
Then,
what will happen to General Manager Kwak?
I'll handle it. Just wait.
I will.
Also,
if Kim Jong Sam comes to the office,
just act oblivious and give him everything he wants.
Act oblivious, and give him everything?
Yes.
Okay. I understand.
Yes, Mom. I'm fine.
I'll come home after work.
Okay.
What did she say? Is she relieved?
Yes.
What about the press conference?
Gook Su Ran was planning to reveal the evidence,
but it's not going to happen anymore.
Am I the one who ruined it?
I'm still an officer.
They can't do anything to me.
Hey, how can you say that after what happened?
You know very well Lee Kwang Ho will kill.
Gosh. I hate myself right now.
I ruined such a crucial chance.
We can still get him.
I wouldn't have handed it over without thinking.
I have a plan, so don't worry.
Do you mean it? Can I trust you?
Yes. Don't blame yourself.
I'm just glad you're okay.
Inspector Park must be really busy. Let's not tell him for now.
Okay.
Thank you for saving me.
I'm going to go inside.
Okay.
(Seoul Metropolitan Police)
[VIU Ver] E38 Doubtful Victory "Where is Jin Young?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Jin Jin Young.
Here.
What is it?
I couldn't find the same one.
It's not as nearly as good as the one your dad got you,
but I still felt bad.
Please, take it.
You didn't have to.
Thank you.
Wait.
Give it to me.
Come here.
Go inside. You should get back to work.
I'll get going.
We were able to get rid of the urgent problem.
We collected all related documents,
so Chairwoman Gook won't be able to do anything.
Gook Su Ran...
How dare she try to stab me?
Here.
Did you do it properly?
Of course. It has a cutting-edge recorder.
Where will you use it for?
You're being really cooperative.
Chairwoman Gook told me to.
That means you're on her side.
If you're on her side, then we're on the same team.
What a joke.
I'm not on your team nor Chairwoman Gook's.
Thank you for preparing this,
but don't get delusional.
Am I doing the right thing?
(Erim Food)
Do you have something?
Make sure Lee Kwang Ho is alone after work today.
Remove all of his guards.
Why should I?
An Tae Jung.
How can you abduct an officer because Lee Kwang Ho ordered you to?
I'm only loyal to myself.
I abducted her because it would benefit me.
Can I post it on the Internet?
Go ahead.
I will just deny it.
I will sue anyone that shares this file.
Or, I could just delete it whenever it's uploaded.
I knew you would say that.
We tried using the Internet before, and it didn't work.
Then, why are you trying?
Instead of the Internet,
what if I pass it to your rival contestant?
I hear you're trying for the by-election.
(Dongwoo University Hospital)
Chul Gi.
I don't have a choice anymore.
My mom,
Ddak Ji,
and now you...
It's hard for me to overlook.
Lee Kwang Ho will never stop.
No matter how much I think about it,
the only person who can stop him...
is me.
The arrest warrant didn't get approved.
- I knew it. - Me too.
So, it's time for plan B.
We'll arrest without a warrant.
Really?
The station will go crazy. We could be dismissed.
I'll take all the responsibility.
You don't have to worry.
Treat him like any other suspect who instigated murder.
Then, we won't have any legal or procedural problems.
Who will handcuff him?
Too bad Officer Oh isn't here. He was dying to arrest him.
Was he on vacation until yesterday?
He came to beat up General Manager Kwak yesterday.
Where is Lee Kwang Ho right now?
Don't talk so much before a big mission.
It's an important day today.
Here. Let's go.
- Let's go! - Let's go!
- What about Chairwoman Gook? - I'm preparing what you asked.
We'll be able to take care of it tomorrow.
She's not an easy target. Make sure to be meticulous.
- You can go. - Let's go together.
It's time for you to go home.
When did you ever escort me home?
Actually,
Kim Jong Sam came to threaten me today.
He asked me to send all the guards home.
They're all hiding right now.
I intend on luring him in...
as if you're here alone to get rid of him.
He's no match for us. Why does he even bother?
Good luck.
Thank you.
(Attorney An Tae Jung)
Three minutes from now.
Why aren't you leaving?
You...
How did you get here?
Is that all? Just remove the guards...
- so he can be alone? - Yes.
How about I just hand him to you?
I'll give you Lee Kwang Ho and his car.
He'll be a sinking ship soon.
I don't want him to ruin the campaign.
I can't turn my back on him because he will avenge me.
I was worried about getting rid of him. You just fell into my lap.
(Future Economic Research Institute)
I noticed the lights were turned off when we came in.
Hey, hey. Hold on.
Follow me.
What is this?
Untie him.
Manager Lee... Manager Lee Kwang Ho...
Take a look around.
The people you ordered to be taken care of...
were brought to places like this...
to be beaten to their deaths.
What is it that you want?
It's obvious.
Your life.
It's the security footage from the parking lot.
Hey! That's the guy from the cafe.
Hold on, stop it.
Someone who works at a cafe abducted Lee Kwang Ho?
Why?
He's from Gook Su Ran's team. Did she order him?
No. This guy changed sides.
It was him who abducted Kwak Young Jae and Ki Myun Joong.
He does look like he's under Lee Kwang Ho.
Keep on playing so we can check when Lee Kwang Ho was taken.
Okay.
Wait!
That's...
Wait. It was Officer Oh?
I think he abducted...
Lee Kwang Ho.
(Doubtful Victory / Oh, the Mysterious)
You don't think he really took him to kill him.
Lee Kwang Ho killed Officer Oh's mom.
I liked him a lot.
Is it really a revenge then?
- Officer Oh! - Officer Oh!
Why did you kill my mom, Choi Yeon Mi?
She should've listened when I told her not to have you!
In the end, he is killed by his own son.
What were you trying to save?
I must have the country in my hands again,
so this country could live!
You're crazy.